Packs/DatadogCloudSIEM/Integrations/DatadogCloudSIEM/DatadogCloudSIEM_description.md, before:

# Datadog Cloud SIEM

Datadog Cloud SIEM elevates your organization’s threat detection and investigation for their dynamic, cloud-scale environments.

With Datadog Cloud SIEM, you can augment your existing SIEM investments and deliver better cloud security outcomes. Datadog Cloud SIEM analyzes operational and security logs in real time—regardless of their volume—while utilizing curated, out-of-the-box integrations and rules to detect threats and investigate them. Developers, security, and operations teams can also leverage detailed observability data to accelerate security investigations in a single, unified platform.

## How to get a Datadog Cloud SIEM Credentials

### Create Datadog API Key.

1. Navigate to **Account** > **Organization Settings** > **API Keys** and click **New Key**.

2. In the New API Key screen, enter the name of the API key and click **Create Key**.

### Create Datadog APP Key.

1. Navigate to **Account** > **Organization Settings** > **Application Keys** and click **New Key**.

2. In the New Key screen, enter the name of the Application Key and click **Create Key**.

For more information, see: [log-into-datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/).

Commit message:

Fetch whole signal after update

Packs/DatadogCloudSIEM/Integrations/DatadogCloudSIEM/DatadogCloudSIEM_description.md, after:

## Datadog Cloud SIEM

Datadog Cloud SIEM elevates organizations’ threat detection and investigation for dynamic, cloud-scale environments.

With Datadog Cloud SIEM, you can augment your existing SIEM investments and deliver better cloud security outcomes. Datadog Cloud SIEM analyzes operational and security logs in real time—regardless of their volume—while utilizing curated, out-of-the-box integrations and rules to detect threats and investigate them. Developers, security, and operations teams can also leverage detailed observability data to accelerate security investigations in a single, unified platform.

The Datadog Cloud SIEM integration for Palo Alto XSOAR streamlines security operations by unifying signal and case management. Teams can retrieve and manage Datadog security signals directly in XSOAR, automate triage, and maintain a consistent investigation view across both platforms.

## How to get a Datadog Cloud SIEM Credentials

### Create a Datadog API Key

1. Navigate to **Account** > **Organization Settings** > **API Keys** and click **New Key**.

2. In the New API Key screen, enter the name of the API key and click **Create Key**.

### Create a Datadog Application Key

1. Navigate to **Account** > **Organization Settings** > **Application Keys** and click **New Key**.

2. In the New Key screen, enter the name of the Application Key and click **Create Key**.

For additional guidance on retrieving credentials, see [API and Application Keys.](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/)

To learn more, see the [Datadog Cloud SIEM and Palo Alto XSOAR integration documentation.](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/datadog-cloud-siem)
